# Team Member: Bryce Hawkins

## Week 1 Repository:
### As the Project 3 prompt stated, companies monitor their employee's activities through log files, which can be extraneously long to sift through just at the glance of an eye. The task at hand is being able to parse a log file in order to generate reports of various activities employees might be doing, such as reporting suspicious activities, irresponsible behavior, system glitches, domain counts, and many other reports. My approach to solving the problem of being able to parse through the log is to use data structures like dictionaries, sets, and lists to sort through the log file; These data structures are used to break down large pieces of information and format it any way the user wants it to be, and I believe that they would be useful in this assignment. In terms of functions, I will be using at least 4 functions, with a function to define each of the following activities: Suspicious activities, Irresponsible behavior, System glitches, and Domain Count.

## Week 2 Repository:

## Information Regarding Project:
### For this project, I need to be able to parse through the userlog.log file and be able to sort through the following insights: Suspicious Activities, Irresponsible Behavior, System Glitch, and Domain Count.

## Flow for Solving the Project:
### First, I created 4 different flowcharts, each flowchart describing the process of parsing through the insights. In these flowcharts, I defined each insight as a function and need to be able to test and successfully run each insight. Next, I will implement each insight into Jupyter as one notebook and put the project together.

## Week 3 Repository:

### For my implementation of week 3 for this project, I had to base my coding off of reading and understanding each line in the Userlog (found in the first kernel). I tried my hardest to complete this project and replicate it as close as I could to each sample log for the user activities, but it just did not go the way that I planned it to; I ran into several issues that I couldn't resolve. First, I was able to create a data dict in the second kernel which allowed me to break down the Domain report and other user activities (Spurrious activity, Irresponsible actiivity, and System glitch). To start, I was able to sort through the Domain reports by line through looping through the data line by line. I was able to successfully split the user name and the domain name from each email in the userlog by using the split command and indexing the email address by 1, returning just the domains. I was also able to count the unique domain names throughout the file by creating a counter that added 1 for each repeating domain found in the file and listing 1 for each new domain. My first issue came when I needed to separate each domain and its count on separate lines; I understood that I needed to use the "\n" command, but for every attempt I made in incorporating it into my code, I was given a syntax error. My next and most notable issue was not being able to differentiate the Spurrious activity, Irresponsible activity, and System glitch reports from one another. They are all found in separate kernels under the Domain report kernel. I understood that each activity had specific implications (ex: Noting that for each user log in between 12 A.M. and 5 A.M. I needed to mark it down as Spurrious activity), but I couldn't sort my file into ascending order, placing the log in activity and date and time with each correct email address. 
